pp-02/readme.md, before:

## ITMD 362, Production Problem 02: Color Palettes

For this production problem, you’re going to create several custom color palettes on the site
Paletton, http://paletton.com.

Before you start, be sure to read through the color theory readings on the course calendar for Week
Four.

Once you’ve read, you’ll choose a palette based on each prompt below, and paste the Paletton URL in
with your chosen palette (you’ll see that the `uid` value in the Paletton URL changes with each
adjustment that you make). Write a few sentences explaining why you chose the colors you did.

Opt for the Paletton Preview mode “Default with Text,” so you can see how text looks on each palette
you choose. Use the Preview tab at the bottom of the palette preview.

1. A **monochromatic color palette** for a site introducing a new console gaming platform

Your Palette URL: http://paletton.com/#uid=10v0u0kpgpgf3xck9rPrPk9xcf3
Your Rationale: I decided to use the Orange at Hue: 31 degrees. This is because orange evokes
interest, without overpowering the end user. Orange is an interesting color in that it is a playful
color. The website for the console is meant to engage the user and retain their attention. Orange
does this perfectly.

2. An **adjacent color palette** for announcing springtime tours at the Chicago Botanical Gardens

Your Palette URL: http://paletton.com/#uid=52h0u0kpgpgf3xck9rPrPk9xcf3
Your Rationale: I decided to use the spread of yellow, lime, and green colors at Hue: 145 degrees.
This is because green is synonymous with growth and plants, and the light and airy yellow provides a
feeling of happiness. These colors work well together to remind the user of spring time and
happiness.

3. A **triadic color palette** for styling the login page for an app for kids to learn the alphabet

Your Palette URL: http://paletton.com/#uid=31T0Z0kpBqafyywkysys7k+x5g2
Your Rationale: For the triadic color palette I decided to go with red, blue, and yellow at Hue: 120 degrees. I did some research into children's learning websites, such as ABC mouse, and saw a common theme of blue and yellow. Additionally, these colors are bright enough to catch the attention of children, and then to keep their attention.

4. A **custom color palette** for advertising a course on cybersecurity

Your Palette URL:
Your Rationale:

Commit message:

Add custom palette URL and Rationale

pp-02/readme.md, after:

## ITMD 362, Production Problem 02: Color Palettes

For this production problem, you’re going to create several custom color palettes on the site
Paletton, http://paletton.com.

Before you start, be sure to read through the color theory readings on the course calendar for Week
Four.

Once you’ve read, you’ll choose a palette based on each prompt below, and paste the Paletton URL in
with your chosen palette (you’ll see that the `uid` value in the Paletton URL changes with each
adjustment that you make). Write a few sentences explaining why you chose the colors you did.

Opt for the Paletton Preview mode “Default with Text,” so you can see how text looks on each palette
you choose. Use the Preview tab at the bottom of the palette preview.

1. A **monochromatic color palette** for a site introducing a new console gaming platform

Your Palette URL: http://paletton.com/#uid=10v0u0kpgpgf3xck9rPrPk9xcf3
Your Rationale: I decided to use the Orange at Hue: 31 degrees. This is because orange evokes
interest, without overpowering the end user. Orange is an interesting color in that it is a playful
color. The website for the console is meant to engage the user and retain their attention. Orange
does this perfectly.

2. An **adjacent color palette** for announcing springtime tours at the Chicago Botanical Gardens

Your Palette URL: http://paletton.com/#uid=52h0u0kpgpgf3xck9rPrPk9xcf3
Your Rationale: I decided to use the spread of yellow, lime, and green colors at Hue: 145 degrees.
This is because green is synonymous with growth and plants, and the light and airy yellow provides a
feeling of happiness. These colors work well together to remind the user of spring time and
happiness.

3. A **triadic color palette** for styling the login page for an app for kids to learn the alphabet

Your Palette URL: http://paletton.com/#uid=31T0Z0kpBqafyywkysys7k+x5g2
Your Rationale: For the triadic color palette I decided to go with red, blue, and yellow at Hue: 120 degrees. I did some research into children's learning websites, such as ABC mouse, and saw a common theme of blue and yellow. Additionally, these colors are bright enough to catch the attention of children, and then to keep their attention.

4. A **custom color palette** for advertising a course on cybersecurity

Your Palette URL: http://paletton.com/#uid=71U1K0kuGrPjYzbpfuUwPmrElhl
Your Rationale: For the custom color palette I used a combination of purple, blue, orange, and yellow at Hue: 121. This combination works well in my opinion because the dark blue shows strength and is usually seen with cybersecurity webpages and products. The yellow and the orange work together to peek the user's interest and make them feel safe and at ease, since learning is sometimes daunting. Lastly the purple provides a good counter to the yellow and provides a more commanding tone.
